For our project, we followed agile the software development life cycle. We would meet every Thursday in tutorial and had weekly meetings at the laptop lounge at Bahen Center. Before each sprint we would meet up as an entire team to discuss the plan for the next sprint and split up the tasks. We did not have many scrum meetings but we would frequently speak to each other over Facebook to talk about our progress and our problems. As stated in previous phases, our group had many issues sharing our code, so we adopted the convention of physically working closely together in groups on a single computer. This convention worked very well for us because it eliminated the problem of having to import code and it also forced members to meet up and communicate with each other. This also made it easier to figure out solutions to problems since there would be many minds thinking and talking through each problem together. However, for this reason, it may seem that only a-gvo and owenljn are committing to github, but really, every member is contributing. To save us trouble, we had most of the interface on the client on Alina’s computer (a-gvo) and built the backend mainly on Owen’s computer (owenljn). The front end team consisting of Alina, Kathy and Li would meet to work together on Alina’s computer while the back end team, Matthew, Timothy, Lingfei and Owen, would meet and work only on Owen’s computer. The only problem with this convention is that our project became very rigid, as we could only work on the back-end for example, if Owen was available.
As explained above, we did not share code. From our poor experience debugging code on other members’ computers, we decided as a group that it would be better if we simply worked together on a single computer and kept the code on GitHub as a backup and if any members wanted to grab the code for themselves. When we initially tried to share our Android code for phase 2, we had many unexpected problems with different platforms. So as a result, we decided to stop sharing code and meet frequently in our smaller teams to work on the project. 
Once in our individual teams for back-end and front-end, we would only confer between our own smaller teams. We chose to use this convention because since the back-end and front-end were separate projects by themselves, we let each side develop independently of each other. Using this convention, each side would update the other about their progress. In this way, we could concurrently build both the front end and back end with neither side worrying about the other and neither side being unaware. We used scrum-like methods here as we would update the rest of the group what we had developed, how we did it, what we would do next and any problems we have. If the next development required significant collaboration from both sides such as sending JSON strings from server to client, we would meet up as one big team to work together. Although it seems that this convention would make it hard to merge our two parts, by keeping the other half frequently updated and meeting up to discuss important merges, it was easy for us to complete the project in this way. 
If we were to continue to work on this project, we would surely have to figure out how to import each team’s code onto other members’ computers so that we could have more flexibility. This is definitely the ideal situation for any team. However, we still agree that even if each member could work individually, it is beneficial and more efficient if we were to work closely together in smaller teams. This parallels how some projects are developed in the real world. A large project is broken down into smaller sections that are handled by smaller teams and the entire team will communicate with each other and ensure that each side is on the same page. We would do the same with our project if we were to continue. Although we were not prepared to develop in this fashion, it eventually worked out well for us and is our preferred method of development.



