We have three prototypes that we intend to fuse in the next iteration. They are split as of now to provide easier debugging and handling of code as well as platform issues. Since the application's 'business end' is handled mainly by the server, we have chosen to implement important features separately as creating dummy code to run to test the application is not desirable. As the server is implemented, the separate prototypes will be merged.
As of phase 2, we have not completed all the required MVP specifications, but have implemented basic functionality amongst our three prototypes. The first protoype shows a calendar that holds all of the users’ events that have been inputted. When the user clicks on a specific day of the calendar, they will be able to see all the events they have during that day. If a particular day contains an event, then the cell will be coloured to indicate that there is an event. This prototype receives events from an imitated server? and parses the JSON objects into events, and places them into the correct dates. 

Our next prototypes shows how we will be able to add and remove events. We have a button that allows users to input an event, and for now, it is shown in  a list format. Once an event is created, it can also be removed and edited with a click of a button.

The final prototype is similar to the second one, but provides a “date picker” for users to easily select a date, rather than input the date. It also shows a menu bar and a log in system that we will definitely be implementing in later phases of the assignment. It also provides a search window as well as a web interface. 